# Modifications to Event from Assignment 2

My Event concept in Assignment 2 was originally called EventManagement, and its purpose was to manage the creation, deletion, and modification for any events. It took in two generic parameters, Event and Item, but the initial design assumed too many details about the structure of actual events, since each event type had distinct features. My updated Event concept is more modular and clearly separates concerns. The functionality is very similar, allowing users to create, delete, and update events. My previous version allowed for modifications to the entire concept, or just the status. I thought it was better in this iteration to allow changes to any details but the status in a separate action, and focus on event status specifically in distinct actions where users specifically cancel, uncancel, or 'complete' events. 

The majority of the event status related actions are all time based, so I ran into a lot of issues in terms of testing the EventConcept. Originally, context tried to make tests using the Date.now() function, and used the sleep function such that the tests would wait around a minute to run to completion. This was supposed to deal with the precondition where events may only be created if their designated time has not already occured. Although this is the ideal behavior in practice, it was difficult to work with in testing. A workaround was to create the event with a future data, then directly modify the database after the creation took place. This allowed for better testing of the complete functionality.