# Modifications to Friending from Assignment 2

I originally including the friending concept under a more general UserProfile concept that stored all information relating to a user, including their friends, event history, interests, hobbies, etc. This initial concept only allowed for adding and removing friends, and did not consider the need for requests which is essential in an app where users may want to maintain privacy regarding which public events they are attending.

I separated friending into its own concept, where we can manage requests as well as individual user friendships. I provided Context with my concept design for friendship and asked for feedback, which was useful since the initial wording for my action effects did not clearly define the relationships between two users, mostly due to ineffective argument names. The tool also allowed me to refine the purpose and operational principle according to the actions I wanted to implement regarding potential responses to requests and friendships.

From my refined concept, Context implemented FriendingConcept and included a private function ensureUserExists in order to deal with the generic User type. When generating test cases, context failed to recognize that this function was private and thus led to initial failures. This was addressed since the preconditions guaranteed the existence of a user in later test cases. The generated test cases also led me to discover a small inconsistency in the implementation, since the order of requirement checks was not correct. The tests expected failures in accepting a friend request due to an already existing friendship, but the original behavior caused a failure due to the lack of a friend request between the users. The existing friendship overshadows the friend request, which led to a change in the implementation that better reflected intended friending behavior which is typically observed in other popular social media applications.